Dear Delegates,

It is a great pleasure of mine to welcome all of you to the 14th Edition of <span class="glowy">TISBMUN</span>. Over these past 14 years, TISBMUN has stood strong in that short list of the most prestigious high-school conferences in India. With this edition, we aim to not only carry that legacy, but have an even larger impact on all of you delegates. In these years, our conference has served as a forum for delegates across India to not only sharpen their delegating skills, but also to support those who seek to embark upon their delegating journey.

With this year’s TISBMUN, we aim to give you an experience that will make TISBMUN XXIV one of the most memorable conferences in your delegating journey. This may include a stressful, yet entertaining journey in our crisis committees that take us through each time period, or through a General Assembly committee that demands you to collaborate and bring out the leader within you. And of course, a socials where you can break out of the tense atmosphere of a conference and enjoy with the new friends you are going to make.

Starting my journey as a nervous teen back in TISBMUN XVIII, life has come a full circle. And with this being the last TISBMUN I am associated with, I aim to make it the most memorable. While striving to simulate the United Nations at an extremely professional calibre, we are not going to leave behind what matters the most- an amazing delegate experience.

For all of those experienced delegates, we are presenting you with what we believe matters the most for you, competition. Show off your delegating skills against the best in India, because that is what we are known for. And if you can do that, we present to you Illuminati, a test to your critical thinking and problem solving abilities that presents you with a forum to establish yourself as one of the best in the business.

To the first timers, we know how nerve-wrecking going up to the podium, and speaking to a large crowd of people in which you barely recognize anyone. We have all been there, and that was our stepping stone towards being a better delegate. We provide you an opportunity to embark upon your delegating journey at the comfortable and friendly environment we house at our conference.

TISBMUN XXIV is your opportunity to learn, grow and maybe even to win, and it is our pleasure to welcome you all on December 14th.

Until then,
Yours Truly,
Vighnajith Reddy
Secretary-General
<span class="glowy">TISBMUN XXIV</span>