Dear Delegates,

It is my absolute honor to welcome you to the 14th edition of <span class="glowy">TISBMUN</span> as the Secretary-General. Over the years, TISBMUN has set itself a legacy. A legacy of pride, purpose and being the best. TISBMUN has continuously served as an integral part of the Bangalore circuit and in fact one of the circuit’s first conferences. It’s an immense honor to be able to take this legacy forward. Now, we aim to set the bar higher, and give back to the circuit in more ways than one.

From our modern, medieval and ancient committees to our infamous Illuminati, we try to bring buzz, energy and excitement to every second of our conference. Model UN, however, is multifaceted. It brings benefits far beyond just an exciting 3-day event of jam-packed action, legalities, and knowledge. It serves as the ultimate test of patience, critical thinking and leadership.  

It took me years of delegating in the old circuit before I finally won my first Best Delegate 3 years later. My advice for these dry patches isn’t just “you learn something from every conference”. Quite frankly, when I was in that losing streak, I didn’t feel like I learnt anything. I just wanted my Best Delegate. Regardless, you need to make an effort to take something away from every experience. You have to remind yourself that you can only go up from where you are. Being 1% better every conference is all it takes to eventually reach your goal. 

Moreover, for the first-time delegates, I understand how nerve-wracking giving that first speech is. I vividly remember being Uganda in my first conference back in seventh grade and arguing that every country should follow Article 26 of Uganda’s Penal Code. While it was difficult for me to wrap my head around that embarrassment, I learnt a valuable lesson: International Law and National Law are 2 different things! 

These small lessons from every conference helped make me 1% better, and hopefully it can do the same for you. So, embrace the embarrassing failures and for all you know, you could come out of it stronger. And if you ever need help in the process, feel free to approach me. I’d be happy to help.

Whether TISBMUN XXIV is just a steppingstone for new delegates, a chance to break a dry spell for struggling delegates, or a shot at the glory of winning the infamous Best Delegate of the Conference award at the Illuminati, we have something to offer you.

I can’t wait to see all of you on December 14th. 

Until then,
Dare to Dream (and give it your best to achieve it).
Signing off (for now),
Yash Iyer
Secretary-General
<span class="glowy">TISBMUN XXIV</span>