It is my distinct honour, as the Director General of <span class="glowy">TISBMUN XXIV</span>, to welcome you to our 14th conference. As TISBMUN, having been one of the oldest and most prestigious MUN’s in the Bangalore circuit, we pride ourselves in upholding the highest possible standards of quality, dignity, and experience, and this year is no exception.

Since our founding, TISBMUN has prided itself on high-quality committees and an unforgettable delegate experience that encourages diversity of thoughts and origination of creative ideas. With our varied committee lineup—from our large GA’s, historical, futuristic, and crisis committees—TISBMUN welcomes all delegates by offering participants with diverse skill sets a chance to redeem themselves by displaying their critical thinking and capacity to resolve crises in a moment’s notice.

Having always been an MUN enthusiast, one thing I have not always been is confident when giving my speeches. Having participated in Model United Nations since 6th grade, i can safely say that Munning is not a skill to be born with, but rather a skill honed through experience, and an open mind. Having given my fair share of atrocious foreign policies and disastrous solutions to solve pressing crises, I can assure every first timer that getting better at MUN’s is not about winning best delegates at your very first conference, but being consistent and trusting the learning process. After competing for over 3 schools and in 3 states I have experienced firsthand how a Model UN conference can unlock potential, instil confidence, and inspire action.

So in this edition of TISBMUN, we are committed to providing a platform that goes beyond debate and negotiation. We offer diverse committees that cater to every level of Model UN experience—from newcomers discovering the world of MUN circuits for the first time, to old-timers seeking to solidify their place in MUN’s vivid history. From offering our notorious Illuminati committee to fun-mun’s for juniors, I can assure you that this year’s MUN will be a memorable one.

So delegates, I encourage you all to rise to the occasion with boldness and determination. Take this chance to act as global leaders, diplomats, and changemakers, using this forum to sharpen your skills and express your ideas. While you advocate for your assigned country, keep in mind the importance of being considerate, and engaging in fruitful discourses. Embrace this opportunity to step beyond your comfort zones and strive for excellence."

Signing off (For now),
Yours truly,
Krish Mehta,
Director General
<span class="glowy">TISBMUN XXIV</span>